SEO updates to busaries page (#4338)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/what-is-qts.md

If your teacher training course leads to QTS: 

* your course will be regulated by the Department for Education (DfE), ensuring high quality training 

> * you could be eligible for [a scholarship or bursary to help you train](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries)

Reviewer: Tiny point - should this be consistent with the link on the other page where the hyperlink text is: eligible for a scholarship or bursary?

## Get QTS if you qualified as a teacher in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland

> If you trained to teach in Wales, your QTS will automatically be recognised in England. [The Education Workforce Council (EWC) website has more information on awarding QTS in England](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/).

Author: ```suggestion
If you trained to teach in Wales, your QTS will automatically be recognised in England. [The Education Workforce Council (EWC) website has more information on being awarded QTS in England](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/).
```

> If you trained to teach in Wales, your QTS will be automatically recognised in England and awarded by the Education Workforce Council (EWC). Visit the [Education Workforce Council website to find out more](https://www.ewc.wales/site/index.php/en/).

Reviewer 2: I don't think this link text makes sense in isolation for screen reader users `Education Workforce Council website to find out more` - think it needs further tweaking?
